---
layout: post
author: Lucy Reynolds
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
title: Get to know me
---

Welcome! This is an awsome place! see, here I tell you about me. And you might relate. If you do then I can help you solve all your problems! But for me to do that I need to tell you about me!

  
<!--more--> 
See, I have an awesome friends goup, but we get in arguments. There is this one SUPER sweet girl named rosemary. Exept when she is with Mabel who is really nice sometimes and mean. When they are together they just act like they want an argument. "Don't interupt me! You are blah blah blah" And then the nice girl agrees! The nice girl even crosses her arms and says how mean I am. When they are together all they want to do is talk.

But I have more things to talk about. Crushes. I liked a boy who was super athletic and played one billion sports. But... he never played with me. He played with me for a year, but then another girl had a crush on him. And just like that he realed his head into his turtle shel. Every resses I woudld sit down and watch him play. I was so dependant on him! But then I met Julian. he was neardy and cool and fun. He played with me every day. He loved percy Jackson and I loved percy Jackson. When I had the crush on the sporty kid I always thought I would never move on, I couldent imagn that. But, now I realize that it can happen and it's okay. Me and julian hang out all the time and chat and have fun! It is so awesome and I am glad I met him.

Something else about Julian. We arnt in each others classes this year. Instead annabell is. She is the super sweet girls twin. I like anabell she is nice but she is the one playing with julian now. Annabel is super sporty and cool. But the problem is she kind of turned julian into a sporty kid. I am pretty bummed about this because Julian is the only boy who isnt sporty. I felt like we were sole mates and now he is becomeing just like the other guys. Now when I say that you probobly are thinking not all boys are sprty, let me prove you wrong. Hugh is sprty. Kojiro is sporty. Asa is sporty. Theo is sporty. Ned is sporty. Lee is sporty. I mean not ALL of them are, but let me discribe the others. Leam is usualy found drawing, playing with his pet rock or throwing a temper tantrum. augie is fine. He is my friend but deffinatly not my crush, you know not my type. ayden is a complete show off and teachers pet. Arjun is super smart but I can't always understand what he is saying. Me and arjun are friends but not all that close. Jax I am friends with, I guss I could have a crush on him but he is my next door nabor and is constantly saying the f-word. So yah not a lot of optio
